docs: minor clarifications to documentation on secret generator tool (#2574)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: scripts/generate-values/README.rst

To run the script, you can set up a python virtualenv with the required packages
or use our docker image.

The script supports a number of different options: two specific options worth
noting are the `--gitlab` option and `--output <filename>` option. The former

> is used when the renku deployment includes its own gitlab instance; the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used to deploy Renku with its own GitLab instance; the
```

   $ ./generate-values.py

> Note that issues have been observed using the virtualenv approach in a quite

Reviewer: hmm, just did this:

```
docker run --rm -ti python:3.9-slim bash
apt update -y
apt install -y build-essential git
git clone https://github.com/swissdatasciencecenter/renku
cd renku/scripts/generate-values
pip install virtualenv
virtualenv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
./generate-values.py --gitlab
```

and it worked fine... ? Can you reproduce the problem? Otherwise I'd say we can just say here "if you experience issues with the python script, we recommend you try the docker-based approach below." or something similar.

vanilla ubuntu context - the Docker approach could be preferable in this context.

Using Docker
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To run it from a Docker container after you have built the container with `docker build`:

.. code-block::

   $ docker run --rm -ti -v ${PWD}:/work renku/generate-values

To run it from a Docker container if renku contains its own gitlab and the resulting

> output should be written to a file called `renku-secrets.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output should be written to a file called `renku-values.yaml`.
```

.. code-block::

>    $ docker run --rm -ti -v ${PWD}:/work renku/generate-values --gitlab --output renku-secrets.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ docker run --rm -ti -v ${PWD}:/work renku/generate-values --gitlab --output /work/renku-values.yaml
```
